In Terraform, data sources are used to fetch and reference information from external systems or existing infrastructure that wasn’t created by your current Terraform configuration. They’re incredibly useful when you need to query existing resources or reuse values without recreating them.

A data source allows Terraform to read information from an external provider (like AWS, Azure, etc.) so you can use that data in your configuration.
For example:
    a)Get details about an existing VPC
    b)Fetch AMI IDs
    c)Retrieve secrets from a vault
    d)Query DNS records

🧠 Tips
    a)Data sources are read-only: they don’t create or modify resources.
    b)You can use them to bridge Terraform with manually created infrastructure.
    c)Combine them with outputs or locals to make your config more dynamic.

To protect state file, we keep it in S3 bucket. We have an advantage , if keep in s3, as multiple people can use it at a time
One thing we need to keep in mind that, when 2 or 3 persons applying terraform apply at a time,  there is a chance , that state file be corrupted, in azure, by default we have locking feature, to enable in Aws , we need to give
    #use_lockfile = true

terraform state
    Subcommands:
        identities          List the identities of resources in the state
        list                List resources in the state
        mv                  Move an item in the state
        pull                Pull current state and output to stdout
        push                Update remote state from a local state file
        replace-provider    Replace provider in the state
        rm                  Remove instances from the state
        show                Show a resource in the state

Count keyword is used to iterate the code as the index starts from 0
Element keyword is used to take 2 parameters at a time
We cant use count for Ingress and egress  in security group, so that we have can use toset or distinct comamnd based on our requirement. 
    a)When you want to remove the duplicates and maintain the order, we use distinct   (used in subnets), 
    b)if just removing the  duplicates, maintaining order is  not required, then we    use tosed(used in security groups)
Summary in your words (corrected):
    count → iterate resource blocks (index starts at 0).
    element → pick a value from a list using index.
    distinct → remove duplicates, keep order (best for subnets).
    toset → remove duplicates, order doesn’t matter (best for SG rules).

Dynamic Blocks in security groups?:
Normal ingress/egress blocks can’t directly use loops.Dynamic lets you programmatically generate multiple rules based on a variable.Makes the code scalable and DRY (Don’t Repeat Yourself).